open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/comp5_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet1_3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1_back.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/laserside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.tga: 171037 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.tga: 163206 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.tga: 184924 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.tga: 166311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.tga: 154915 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.tga: 180109 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/laser2.wav: 23256 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/29.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/29.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/29.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.pcx: 16896 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/29.cfg: 25 bytes
Execing cfg/29.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/29.txt: 0 bytes
