open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door_123.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_beard.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/shiny1_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.tga: 0 bytes
Couldn't load env/forestrt.tga: File too small
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/secret.wav: 19722 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pn/hitler.wav: 210492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/verde1.wav: 165807 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/5insx.wav: 109952 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/3.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/3.cfg: 25 bytes
Execing cfg/3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/3.txt: 0 bytes
