open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kcs/rooms.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kcs/facilities.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met11_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/baslt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kcs/hotelcal.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/c_met5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow0_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mnburbrt.tga: 0 bytes
Couldn't load env/mnburbrt.tga: File too small
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/california.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/california.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/california.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/california.pcx: 35171 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/california.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/california.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/california.txt: 0 bytes
