open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/cwall.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/cwall.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/cwall.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/cwall.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/cwall.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/cwall.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/cwall.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/crossing.bsp: 1813272 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: crossing
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/crossing.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/crossing.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/crossing.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for crossing.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/crossing.pcx...done.
fixedscale is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: crossing
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Crossing 
By Rab,d
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rtrava.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rune/rock8x.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rpre2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rune/stonebase_05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/rock8x_grass_270.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/rock8x_grass_90.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/rock8x_grass_0.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rpisek.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/0rpisek_orpre2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rtrava1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/rock8x_grass_180.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/0rtrava1_path_0.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/0rpre2_Orpresik.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/0rpre2_Orpresik_2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/da_woodtracks_orpre2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/1polni.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1a/WATER8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_stone14e.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_wall42b2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/wood8_climable.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_building16b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/1_hayside.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/1_hayfront.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/1_hayfloor.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1a/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_1/3_metalrivet.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_1/2_woodfloor.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_1/1_mtrim1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_1/1_beam1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rckul2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rkul1.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/daikatana/wood_6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rcerk.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rcerk_blank.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rkul2.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rcvrat2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_wood10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/{k_ladder3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_burned4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/21.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/metal_sding1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/2rfsch.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_building16ivb.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_stone3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_frenchh1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_wood2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_roof10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_wood10b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_door21.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/trans_tree7.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/clear1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/trans_tree6.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/1kulisa2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_rope1c.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/Marbleblack.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/W_fencewheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wood8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/1zluty.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/daikatana/wood_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/1vysoky.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/wizwood1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/1velky2a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/w2k_tree1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/crossingrt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/crossingbk.tga: 209770 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/crossinglf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/crossingft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/crossingup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/crossingdn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/air.wav: 120926 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/river.wav: 87200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird19.wav: 130092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/CROW.wav: 23516 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/crossing.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/crossing.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/crossing.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/crossing.pcx: 41755 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/crossing.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/crossing.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/crossing.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/crossing.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/crossing2.bsp: 2612648 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: crossing2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/crossing2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/crossing2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/crossing2.ent: No such file or directory
crossing2.ent Loaded
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/crossing2.pcx...error.
fixedscale is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: crossing2
crossing2.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:150.
       : added nodes:6.
       : total nodes:156.
       : loaded links:557.
       : added links:15.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Crossing v.2.0
By Rab,d
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/RTCW_1/debri_m02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/AMMO_009.wal: 5200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/AMMO_008.wal: 5200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SKY1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/MAFIA/0hdvere.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/AFROWUK2/afrow_box6a.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/trans_mtrim1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_lower_tank.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_1/1_beam4.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_wood11.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/trans_window_broken.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rimmytex1/MYDK.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/trans_corn.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/stone14e_ladder.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_building25-2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/03zem08.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_building25b-2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_wall20.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trksxb.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m2_16_tracks.wal: 19820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_axle.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal2_bed_dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal2_tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal2_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal2_side3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_side3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_usa.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_usa2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_fenda.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_escorilha2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_tnkvisor.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile5.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_pipe.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate01b.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/urbanterror/tires2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_caback.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_1/1_dumplid64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_cab_side1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_carbackmid.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_cartop_mid.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_carside.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_cardoor.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_wheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/Wallpaper8_trim.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_boxcar1_door.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_cartop2_mid.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_boxcar1_side.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/T_boxcar1_side2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/Sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks_orpre2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sof_2/Sewerstn1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/train_wheels2.wal: 15400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/train_coupler.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze/k_beam4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rabid/spawn.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/urbanterror/fs_box4_front1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/urbanterror/fs_box4_top1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/engine2.wav: 22918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/crossing2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/crossing2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/crossing2.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
BOTched connected.
Erik connected.
Dimferno connected.
Frederick connected.
Bob connected.
Rommel connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/crossing2.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/crossing2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/crossing2.txt: 0 bytes
