open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/baselt_wht.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/jaildr03_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal29_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/cwall.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/cwall.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/cwall.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/cwall.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/cwall.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/cwall.txt: 0 bytes
