open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/color2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach0.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/btactmach3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/btactmach3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/floor1_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/rocks23_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/crush1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/fmet2_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caliban_rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caliban_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caliban_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caliban_rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caliban_rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_strt.wav: 20284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_mid.wav: 10164 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_end.wav: 18260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/pump3.wav: 160412 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/curnt1.wav: 72398 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/curnt2.wav: 183368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/wind2x.wav: 120914 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb2.wav: 40084 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/airhiss1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/airhiss1.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/world/airhiss1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dam.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dam.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dam.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dam.pcx: 16708 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dam.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/dam.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dam.txt: 0 bytes
