open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/ggrat2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal24_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/cindr8_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/floor2_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u2/metal27_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyrt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskybk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskylf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskydn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/wind2.wav: 120832 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/water1.wav: 81648 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/bubl1.wav: 140596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/items/l_health.wav: 55308 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ville.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ville.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ville.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ville.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/ville.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ville.txt: 0 bytes
